here at astral world the thrill has
always been the attraction looping you
forward and backward in a matter of
moments rushing you through a maze of
wooden mountains a gut-wrenching speed
and bouncing you down a raging river
water pouring over the sides of your
eight-man rap meanwhile Southern
California's Disneyland and Florida's
Walt Disney World have been the
guardians of animated excitement
drunken pirates singing and pillaging a
Caribbean port town there's an other
forest animals hooting and hollering in
a down-home Jamboree and the presidents
of the United States assembled in
speaking to all who will listen
but the same technology that created the
Space Shuttle put computers in our homes
and aliens on television screens is
bringing three-dimensional animation to
amusement centers outside the Disney
family here at astro world it has come
in the form of the great Texas wrong
horn review
the production is the brainchild of Gary
Goddard and Tony Christopher of Gary
Goddard productions and of course
Astroworld general manager lamar parker
had a lot to say about the final product
the purpose in this this particular
attraction is to broaden our appeal to
the families on the new baby boom
generation is being born today and we
want to recognize that and this really
appeals to the whole family we had two
or three ideas for them but they were
really strung out on this idea of having
a kind of a western review so we thought
about it we started thinking about
different characters and different
things that could come together actually
what we've put together a western review
and we knew we wanted a cast of animals
in the tradition of these kinds of shows
and so we sat down and said well we're
gonna be in Houston Texas so what kind
of show should we do Texas and and one
thing led to another and storyboard
sessions and gags and come up with ideas
and songs and what came out of that was
the big Texas Longhorn review the time
involved in producing the great Texas
Longhorns of you is one of its most
amazing aspects it went from the drawing
board to amusement park attraction in
only seven months the people of advanced
animation in Connecticut brought life to
Goddard productions ideas taking scale
size figurines and blowing them up to
life-size having the characters and fun
forming the faces in fiberglass
installing the hardware that will bring
the characters to life
sewing painting airbrushing measuring
cutting and finally hauling them to
Houston to build a one-of-a-kind
entertainment for the entire family we
don't do these just for kids this is not
a kids show this is a show that works on
many levels one of them is for kids the
kids that were growing up in the 70s now
have little ones and they want they want
to enjoy something with their little
kids and I think these kind of
attractions are the kind of attractions
that the audience of all all ages
can enjoy now you know how these cho
tapping to stubbing robots were created
so let's meet this menagerie the cow
power slick silver is the master of
ceremonies a pig with a pun for
everything the bum steers with tex
glitter headlining on bass pic Texas's
favorites with flair the utter delights
harmonize with style and seen since the
andrews sisters left the stage and
screen the lone armadillo is yesterday's
hero gone soft
but he's still singing his song and fifi
Lemieux weighs down a tune about as well
as she does the piano buck acorn has
been riding the range too long and can't
seem to find a friend and where would
any hoedown be without a penguin a
penguin yeah well they call him
Tenderfoot Pete and his is a sad tale
overseeing this barnyard is an obnoxious
pup named Gabby who earned his name for
a good reason I like the little dog that
came out of there the big cow at the end
the one that played the guitar the one
that sings blue moon why did you like
him the best because he has a real deep
voice and use almost sunglasses and he
has hair slicked back
Tenderfoot Pete because I felt sorry for
him I like that blue moon that was a
good rock tune several years ago I think
it's fantastic because it gives not only
children but adults the same enjoyment
the Disney folks would call this
audio-animatronics but the people at
Garry Goddard productions who were
originally in the Disney fold are
calling it animated theater onyx
whatever the name either camp will tell
you that the
tential for this concept is limitless
because of computers and micro
technology and all of these various
things have come up because of the space
program there are groups that can
duplicate the kinds of things that
Disney does in a much simpler fashion
I'm a nothing simple but in a way that
is economically feasible to groups
outside of Disney in five years I hope
we'll have character walking around on
the stage he'll walk around he'll
welcome to the show and walk offstage
and that's sort of another realm of
possibility and I think there's a lot of
ways that we can explore and using the
theater onic process not just an
entertainment process but it's a process
to enlighten ourselves and in rich our
everyday life for those of you who would
rather spin round and round or shake
your insides on a Coney Island
rollercoaster have no fear we're going
to always have thrill rides of Six Flags
or a dash twirl and we'll have probably
a new thrill ride in the future but this
year we're putting in the great Texas
Longhorns view to broblem our family
appeal